.\" Copyright (C) 2012 Enrique Matías Sánchez <quique at unizar.es>
.\"                                                                        
.\" This file is part of Nela.                                           
.\"
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

.TH Nela 1 "April 21, 2012"
.SH NAME
Nela \- A Braille code trainer.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B nela [Qt\ Generic\ Options]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B nela
is a software trainer to learn the Braille code, targeted at children
with visual impairment (or completely blind).

It teaches the Braille code slowly and didactically.  Dots, letters,
syllables, and numbers are introduced in a pedagogically appropiate order.  
Any letter the user has difficulty learning, will be presented more often.

Simulating a Perkins machine on the keyboard, its interface intends to be
accesible, simple, and easy to use.

.SH OPTIONS
All applications based on the Qt toolkit accept a number of options.  
See <http://qt-project.org/doc/qapplication.html#QApplication> for details.

.SH USAGE
All the key bindings described here are the defaults in Nela.  
It should be possible to customize them in order to use different keyboard
layouts.  Several keys can be pressed at the same time.

.IP f
Press point 1.
.IP d
Press point 2.
.IP s
Press point 3.
.IP a
Press point 7.
.IP j
Press point 4.
.IP k
Press point 5.
.IP l
Press point 6.
.IP \[~n]
Press point 8.
.IP Intro
Repeat last instruction.
.IP esc
Quit nela.

.\" .SH COMMANDS

.\" .SH CONFIG

.SH FILES
.IP "/usr/share/nela/tables/<lang>.txt"
Character -> Braille code tables a given language.
.IP "/usr/share/nela/levels/<lang>.csv"
Levels for a given language.

.\" .SH EXAMPLES

.SH BUGS
To report a bug, please visit <https://forja.rediris.es/tracker/?func=add&group_id=998&atid=3578>
.br
Please notice that you'll need to register as a user of this forge.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2012 Enrique Mat\['i]as S\['a]nchez.  
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.  
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.

.SH SEE ALSO
.TP
.B Nela Home Page
<http://nelaproject.blogspot.com.es>

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Enrique Mat\['i]as S\['a]nchez <quique@unizar\&.es>.